README.md, before:

# `js-ipfs` Examples and Tutorials

In this folder, you can find a variety of examples to help you get started in using js-ipfs, in Node.js and in the Browser. Every example as a specific purpose and some of each incorporate a full tutorial that you can follow through, helping you expand your knowledge about IPFS and the Distributed Web in General.

Let us know if you find any issue or if you want to contribute and add a new tutorial, feel welcome to submit a PR, thank you!

## Tutorials

- [Tutorial: Create and resolve through graphs with the dag API](./dag)
- [Tutorial: Transfer files and connect to the to other nodes](./transfer-files)
- [Tutorial: Use IPFS to explore the Ethereum BlockChain](./explore-ethereum)
- [Tutorial: How to build an application with IPFS PubSub Room](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nv_Teb--1zg)

## Examples

- [js-ipfs basic, how to spawn a node and add a file to IPFS](./basics)
- [How to bundle js-ipfs with Browserify](./bundle-browserify)
- [How to bundle js-ipfs with WebPack](./bundle-webpack)
- [How to use js-ipfs with a script tag](./browser-script-tag)
- [Use js-ipfs in electron](./electron)

Commit message:

docs(examples): add CRDT tutorial

README.md, after:

# `js-ipfs` Examples and Tutorials

In this folder, you can find a variety of examples to help you get started in using js-ipfs, in Node.js and in the Browser. Every example as a specific purpose and some of each incorporate a full tutorial that you can follow through, helping you expand your knowledge about IPFS and the Distributed Web in General.

Let us know if you find any issue or if you want to contribute and add a new tutorial, feel welcome to submit a PR, thank you!

## Tutorials

- [Tutorial: Create and resolve through graphs with the dag API](./dag)
- [Tutorial: Transfer files and connect to the to other nodes](./transfer-files)
- [Tutorial: Use IPFS to explore the Ethereum BlockChain](./explore-ethereum)
- [Tutorial: How to build an application with IPFS PubSub Room](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nv_Teb--1zg)
- [Tutorial: How to build an Collaborative Editing Application with IPFS using CRDT](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kdx8rJd8rQ)

## Examples

- [js-ipfs basic, how to spawn a node and add a file to IPFS](./basics)
- [How to bundle js-ipfs with Browserify](./bundle-browserify)
- [How to bundle js-ipfs with WebPack](./bundle-webpack)
- [How to use js-ipfs with a script tag](./browser-script-tag)
- [Use js-ipfs in electron](./electron)
