upload-file-via-browser/README.md, before:

# Upload file to IPFS via browser using js-ipfs-api

> In this example, you will find a simple React app to upload a file to IPFS via the browser using js-ipfs-api and Webpack.

## Setup

As for any js-ipfs-api example, **you need a running IPFS daemon**, you learn how to do that here:

- [Spawn a go-ipfs daemon](https://ipfs.io/docs/getting-started/)
- [Spawn a js-ipfs daemon](https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs#usage)

**Note:** If you load your app from a different domain than the one the daemon is running (most probably), you will need to set up CORS, see https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs-api#cors to learn how to do that.

A quick (and dirty way to get it done) is:

```bash
> ipfs config --json API.HTTPHeaders.Access-Control-Allow-Origin "[\"*\"]"
> ipfs config --json API.HTTPHeaders.Access-Control-Allow-Credentials "[\"true\"]"
```

## Run this example

Once the daemon is on, run the following commands within this folder:

```bash
> npm install
> npm start
```

Now open your browser at `http://localhost:3000`

After uploading a file (left screen), and opening the uploaded file (right screen), you should see something like:

![App Screenshot](https://cdn.rawgit.com/ipfs/js-ipfs-api/320fcfc6155a771027bdf0cc661e37a407d35efb/examples/upload-file-via-browser/screenshot.png)

Commit message:

refactor: rename library to ipfs-http-client (#897)
BREAKING CHANGE: the `ipfs-api` library has been renamed to `ipfs-http-client`.

Now install via `npm install ipfs-http-client`.

Note that in the browser build the object attached to `window` is now `window.IpfsHttpClient`.

License: MIT
Signed-off-by: Alan Shaw <alan.shaw@protocol.ai>

upload-file-via-browser/README.md, after:

# Upload file to IPFS via browser using js-ipfs-http-client

> In this example, you will find a simple React app to upload a file to IPFS via the browser using js-ipfs-http-client and Webpack.

## Setup

As for any js-ipfs-http-client example, **you need a running IPFS daemon**, you learn how to do that here:

- [Spawn a go-ipfs daemon](https://ipfs.io/docs/getting-started/)
- [Spawn a js-ipfs daemon](https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs#usage)

**Note:** If you load your app from a different domain than the one the daemon is running (most probably), you will need to set up CORS, see https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs-http-client#cors to learn how to do that.

A quick (and dirty way to get it done) is:

```bash
> ipfs config --json API.HTTPHeaders.Access-Control-Allow-Origin "[\"*\"]"
> ipfs config --json API.HTTPHeaders.Access-Control-Allow-Credentials "[\"true\"]"
```

## Run this example

Once the daemon is on, run the following commands within this folder:

```bash
> npm install
> npm start
```

Now open your browser at `http://localhost:3000`

After uploading a file (left screen), and opening the uploaded file (right screen), you should see something like:

![App Screenshot](https://cdn.rawgit.com/ipfs/js-ipfs-http-client/320fcfc6155a771027bdf0cc661e37a407d35efb/examples/upload-file-via-browser/screenshot.png)
