traverse-ipld-graphs/README.md, before:

Resolve through IPLD graphs with the dag API
============================================

IPLD stands for [`InterPlanetary Linked-Data`](https://ipld.io/), it is the data model of the content-addressable web. It gives IPFS the ability to resolve through any kind of content-addressed graph, as long as the [adapter for the format is available](https://github.com/ipld/interface-ipld-format#modules-that-implement-the-interface).

This tutorial goes through several operations over IPLD graphs using the [DAG API](https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/tree/master/packages/interface-ipfs-core/API/dag).

## Before you start

First clone this repo, install dependencies in the project root and build the project.

```console
$ git clone https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs.git
$ cd js-ipfs
$ npm install
$ npm run build
```

## [create nodes to build a graph](./put.js)

## [retrieve a node from a graph](./get.js)

## [resolve a path in a graph](./get-path.js)

## [resolve through graphs of different kind](./get-path-accross-formats.js)

## [explore a graph with the .tree](./tree.js)

## [traverse through a slice of the ethereum blockchain](./eth.js)

## [traverse through a git repo](./git.js)
The example objects contained in "git-objects" have already been decompressed with zlib.  An example of how to do this:

    $ cat .git/objects/7d/df25817f57c2090a9568cdb17106a76dad7d04 | zlib-flate -uncompress > 7ddf25817f57c2090a9568cdb17106a76dad7d04

## Video of the demos

Find a video with a walkthrough of this examples on Youtube:

[![](https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmYkeiPtVTR8TdgBNa4u46RvjfnbUFUxSDdb8BqDpqDEer)](https://youtu.be/drULwJ_ZDRQ?t=1m29s)

Commit message:

feat: remove all esoteric ipld formats (#3360)
We bundle ipld formats for ethereum, zcash, bitcoin and git though they speak beyond the files part of the Interplanetary File System.

Since #3347 we can now configure extra IPLD formats in the http client, in-process and daemon nodes, we no longer have to bundle these formats for them to be supported, instead the user can choose to configure their node with the formats they require.

This makes the behaviour of core the same in node as it is in the browser and also means we don't waste time installing deps our users may not use.

If they do use them, they can configure the node as they see fit.
    
BREAKING CHANGE: only dag-pb, dag-cbor and raw formats are supported out of the box, any others will need to be configured during node startup.

traverse-ipld-graphs/README.md, after:

Resolve through IPLD graphs with the dag API
============================================

IPLD stands for [`InterPlanetary Linked-Data`](https://ipld.io/), it is the data model of the content-addressable web. It gives IPFS the ability to resolve through any kind of content-addressed graph, as long as the [adapter for the format is available](https://github.com/ipld/interface-ipld-format#modules-that-implement-the-interface).

This tutorial goes through several operations over IPLD graphs using the [DAG API](https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/tree/master/packages/interface-ipfs-core/API/dag).

## Before you start

First clone this repo, install dependencies in the project root and build the project.

```console
$ git clone https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs.git
$ cd js-ipfs
$ npm install
$ npm run build
```

## IPLD Formats

[IPLD](https://docs.ipld.io/) can read many datatypes, all of which are represented as blocks in the blockstore of your IPFS node.  In order to turn a block into a data structure it can use, IPLD uses different codecs to turn `Uint8Arrays` into JavaScript objects and back.

By default IPFS is bundled with [dag-pb](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ipld-dag-pb), [dag-cbor](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ipld-dag-cbor) and [raw](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ipld-raw) codecs which allow reading UnixFS files and JavaScript objects from the blockstore.

To configure other types, we must pass the `ipld.formats` option to the `IPFS.create()` function:

```javascript
const IPFS = require('ipfs')

const node = await IPFS.create({
  ipld: {
    formats: [
      require('ipld-git'),
      require('ipld-zcash'),
      require('ipld-bitcoin'),
      ...Object.values(require('ipld-ethereum')) // this format exports multiple codecs so flatten into a list
      // etc, etc
    ]
  }
})
```

See [ipld/interface-ipld-format](https://github.com/ipld/interface-ipld-format) for a list of modules that implement the `ipld-format` interface.

## [create nodes to build a graph](./put.js)

## [retrieve a node from a graph](./get.js)

## [resolve a path in a graph](./get-path.js)

## [resolve through graphs of different kind](./get-path-accross-formats.js)

## [explore a graph with the .tree](./tree.js)

## [traverse through a slice of the ethereum blockchain](./eth.js)

## [traverse through a git repo](./git.js)
The example objects contained in "git-objects" have already been decompressed with zlib.  An example of how to do this:

    $ cat .git/objects/7d/df25817f57c2090a9568cdb17106a76dad7d04 | zlib-flate -uncompress > 7ddf25817f57c2090a9568cdb17106a76dad7d04

## Video of the demos

Find a video with a walkthrough of this examples on Youtube:

[![](https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmYkeiPtVTR8TdgBNa4u46RvjfnbUFUxSDdb8BqDpqDEer)](https://youtu.be/drULwJ_ZDRQ?t=1m29s)
